You can love someone so much...But you can never love people as much as you can miss them.
If I die, I will wait for you, do you understand? No matter how long. I will watch from beyond to make sure you live every year you have to its fullest, and then well have so much to talk about when I see you again (Bones)
I have noticed that the people who are late are often so much jollier than the people who have to wait for them.
You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.
A friend is someone who knows all about you and still loves you.
It is better to be hated for what you are than to be loved for what you are not.
Darkness cannot drive out darkness: only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate: only love can do that.
If you were half as funny as you think you are, you'd be twice as funny as you really are.
So many books, so little time.
Never put off till tomorrow what may be done day after tomorrow just as well.
Women and cats will do as they please, and men and dogs should relax and get used to the idea.
I'm not afraid of death; I just don't want to be there when it happens.
I find television very educating. Every time somebody turns on the set, I go into the other room and read a book.
The trouble with having an open mind, of course, is that people will insist on coming along and trying to put things in it.
Those who believe in telekinetics, raise my hand.
I came from a real tough neighborhood. Once a guy pulled a knife on me. I knew he wasn't a professional, the knife had butter on it.
When his life was ruined, his family killed, his farm destroyed, Job knelt down on the ground and yelled up to the heavens, "Why god? Why me?" and the thundering voice of God answered, There's just something about you that pisses me off.
Religion has actually convinced people that there's an invisible man living in the sky who watches everything you do, every minute of every day. And the invisible man has a special list of ten things he does not want you to do. And if you do any of these ten things, he has a special place, full of fire and smoke and burning and torture and anguish, where he will send you to live and suffer and burn and choke and scream and cry forever and ever 'til the end of time!
In heaven, all the interesting people are missing.
Atheism turns out to be too simple. If the whole universe has no meaning, we should never have found out that it has no meaning...
I cannot believe in a God who wants to be praised all the time.
The function of prayer is not to influence God, but rather to change the nature of the one who prays.
Time you enjoy wasting is not wasted time.
Folks are usually about as happy as they make their minds up to be.
Hope
A lady's imagination is very rapid; it jumps from admiration to love, from love to matrimony in a moment.
Lifes easy.
A synonym is a word you use when you can't spell the other one.
If you can spell "Nietzsche" without Google, you deserve a cookie.
Memories warm you up from the inside. But they also tear you apart.
